Add Caution Note re Experimental SemConvs (#3995)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry.io: content/en/docs/languages/_index.md

The current status of the major functional components for OpenTelemetry is as
follows:

> {{% alert title="Warning" color="warning" %}}
> 
> Even though an API/SDK status is stable, changes to underlying [semantic
> conventions] can interrupt your data flow. If the status of a semantic
> convention that your instrumentation depends on is `Experimental`, it may be
> subject to future breaking changes.
> 
> [semantic conventions]: /docs/concepts/semantic-conventions/
> 
> {{% /alert %}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{% alert title="Important" color="warning" %}}

Regardless of an API/SDK's status, if your instrumentation relies on [semantic
conventions] that are marked as [Experimental] in the [semantic conventions
specification], your data flow might be subject to **breaking changes**.

[semantic conventions]: /docs/concepts/semantic-conventions/
[Experimental]: /docs/specs/otel/document-status/
[semantic conventions specification]: /docs/specs/semconv/

{{% /alert %}}
```

{{% telemetry-support-table " " %}}

{{% alert title="Note" color="warning" %}} Even though the API/SDK status is

> stable, changes to underlying [semantic conventions][SemConv] can interrupt your

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
stable, changes to underlying [semantic conventions][sem-conv] can interrupt your
```
Not sure why this is not rendering in hugo (see preview: https://deploy-preview-3995--opentelemetry.netlify.app/docs/languages/), maybe those tags have to be lower case, @chalin ?

data flow. If the status of a Semantic Convention that your instrumentation
depends on is `Experimental`, it may be subject to future breaking changes.
{{% /alert %}}

[auto]: /docs/kubernetes/operator/automatic/
[instrumentation]: /docs/concepts/instrumentation/
[otel-op]: /docs/kubernetes/operator/

> [SemConv]: /docs/concepts/semantic-conventions/

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[sem-conv]: /docs/concepts/semantic-conventions/
```
